Update extended edit rule to account for recreating official versions in RC (#11122)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Ranking_criteria/en.md

- **If a song is used in a television program, web series, or direct-to-video series, such as an opening/ending/insert song, use a `(TV Size)` marker at the end of the current title.** If there is an existing TV size marker in the title, replace it with `(TV Size)`.
- **If a song title contains short or game version markers, the markers must be standardised to `(Short Ver.)` and `(Game Ver.)` respectively.**

> - **Unofficial cut versions of songs must add a `(Cut Ver.)` marker at the end of the current title.** If a length marker is already in the title of the track, `(Cut Ver.)` would replace it. This is to distinguish unofficial cuts of a song from full length versions. Songs that are shortened in ways that nearly match their official versions, and songs that are a full loop of a looping track will not be considered cut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Unofficial cut versions of songs must add a `(Cut Ver.)` marker at the end of the current title.** If a length marker is already in the title of the track, `(Cut Ver.)` must replace it. This is to distinguish unofficial cuts from full length versions.
```
(see next suggestion)

>   - Note: This only applies to songs that can be cut to match official versions in ways that are nearly identical. If the version of the song is noticeably different, the `(Cut Ver.)` marker must be used instead. Covers and remixes do not count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Songs that are intentionally cut to recreate an official version are not considered cut versions.** This only applies if the audio is nearly indistinguishable from the official version.
  - **Songs that are a full loop of a looping track are not considered cut versions.**
```
